#   12-03 Life

##  My Translation

It is said that life is a big book. Provided this is life, and then majority of us as a writer can just be a book criticist, have the competence of read pages of book, commented a lot of things and submitted a finished book comment. But, there's another kind of people who think the aim of reading book is not to write critics or introductions. they have a kind of casualness and indulgenty of amused amateur, read unurgently. And they hardly care about it because it's for amusement instead of the significant mission of instruct reader and educate wirter for book commenters.

##  Standard
It is said that life is like a thick book. If this is really the case, more than half of us authors can only be regarded as reviewers who acquire skills, glance through no more than a few pages of a book before we make a lot of comments about the book, and a review is done. However, there is another kind of in the world who think the purpose of reading a book is not to write a review or introduction. with casualness and calm of sparetime diversion seekers, they browse a book in no great hurry. Unlike book reviewers who shoulder the great responsibility of instructing readers and criticizing authors, they are not in the mood to take care of this responsibility since reading is a pastime for them anythem.

*   If this is really the case
*   sparetime diversion seeker
*   in no great hurry
*   shoulder the great responsibility of
*   they are not in the mood to
*   diversion / pastime